<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:graa="http://ijis.org/GRA/Annotations">
   <head>
      <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /><style>
						.FontType{
						font-family:"Calibri", "sans-serif";
						line-height:115%;
						}
						.TitleMain{
						font-size:26.0pt;
						color:#1F497D;
						}
						.TitleSub{
						font-size:18.0pt;
						color:#1F497D;
						}
						.Heading1{
						font-size:18.0pt;
						margin-left:0.5in;
						}
						.Heading2{
						font-size:16.0pt;
						margin-left:0.5in;
						}
						.Heading3{
						font-size:14.0pt;
						margin-left:1.0in;
						font-weight:900;
						}
						.NormalText{
						font-size:11.0pt;
						}
						.Bullet{
						margin-left:0.25in;
						}
						.TableOfContents{
						font-size:12.0pt;
						font-weight:900;
						margin-left:0.75in;
						}
						.CoverPageLeft{
						margin-left:1.8in;
						text-align:left;
						}
						.CoverPageRight{
						margin-right:.05in;
						margin-left:11.15pt;
						text-align:left;
						}
						.tDataTable{
						border-top:solid #5B9BD5 1.0pt;
						padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
						}
						.tDataTableHeader{
						border-bottom:solid #5B9BD5 1.0pt;
						}
						.tDataTableRowAlt{
						background:#DEEAF6;
						}
						.tDataTableText{
						color:#2E74B5;
						}
						.tDataTableTextTitle{
						color:#2E74B5;
						font-weight:900;
						}
						.MsoNormal{
						width:7.0in;
						margin-top:6.0pt;
						margin-left:0.25in;
						margin-bottom:6.0pt;
						text-align:center;
						}
						.MsoNormalTable{
						margin-left:auto;
						margin-right:auto;
						border-collapse:collapse;
						}
						.MsoNormalTableColLeft{
						width:220pt;
						border-right:solid #0051BA 3.0pt;
						padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt
						}
						.MsoNormalTableColRight{
						width:220pt;
						padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt
						}
						.MsoNormalText{
						width:6.0in;
						margin-left:1.0in;
						text-align:justify;
						}
						.tDataTableCaption{
						padding:0.25in 0in 0in 0in;
						font-weight:900;
						text-align:center;
						}
		</style></head>
   <body lang="EN-US" style="float:none;">
      <div class="CoverPageSection" style="float:none;overflow:visible;">
         <p class="MsoNormal"><b><span class="FontType TitleMain"><br /><br />Pet Adoption Service Description</span></b></p><br /><p class="MsoNormal"><b><span class="FontType TitleMain">(PET)</span></b></p><br /><p class="MsoNormal"><b><span class="FontType TitleSub">Version 1.0.0</span></b></p>
         <p class="MsoNormal"><b><span class="FontType TitleMain"><br /><br /><br />GRA</span></b></p><br /><p class="MsoNormal"><b><span class="FontType TitleMain">Service Interface<br /><br />Description Document</span></b></p><br /><br /><p class="MsoNormal"><b><span class="FontType TitleMain"><br /><br /><br /></span></b></p><br /><div class="MsoNormal">
            <table class="MsoNormalTable">
               <tr>
                  <td class="MsoNormalTableColLeft">
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageLeft">Delivery On:</p>
                  </td>
                  <td class="MsoNormalTableColRight">
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageRight"><b>2014-11-07</b></p>
                  </td>
               </tr>
               <tr>
                  <td class="MsoNormalTableColLeft">
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageLeft">Prepared For:</p>
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageLeft">Prepared By:</p>
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageLeft">Sponsored By:</p>
                  </td>
                  <td class="MsoNormalTableColRight">
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageRight"><b>Organization of Adoption Centers</b></p>
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageRight"><b>Organization of Adoption Centers</b></p>
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageRight"><b>Society of pet adoption agencies</b></p>
                  </td>
               </tr>
            </table>
         </div>
      </div><br /><br /><br /><div class="ContentSection">
         <h1><span class="FontType Heading1">Table of Contents</span></h1>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846682"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">1.      Introduction</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846683"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">2.      Physical Model</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846692"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">3.      Service Interaction Requirements</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846693"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">4.      Interface Description Requirements</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846702"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">5.      Message Exchange Patterns</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846703"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">6.      Message Definition Mechanisms</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846704"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">7.      Policy and Contracts</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846705"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">7.1     Policies</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846706"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">7.2     Automated Service Contracts</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846707"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">7.3     Non-automated Service Contracts</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846708"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">8.      Umbrella Agreements</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846709"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">9.     Security</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846710"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">10.     Privacy</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846711"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">11.     Service Testing</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846712"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">Appendix A     References</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846713"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">Appendix B     Glossary</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846714"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">Appendix C     Document History</span></a></p><br /><br /><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846682"><span class="FontType FontType Heading1">1.     Introduction</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText"> A Service Interface Description describes the physical implementation or service
               interface used in a
               							specific implementation of a service. This document is a Service Interface
               Description for the Pet Adoption Service Description (PET) Interface.
               <p><span class="FontType NormalText">Provided by PetAdoptionCenter.</span></p></span></p>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText"> In the context of the GRA and Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) in general, a service
               is the means by
               							which one partner gains access to one or more capabilities offered by another
               partner.  Capabilities generate real-world effects that
               							can be as simple as sharing information or can involve performing a function
               as part of a complex process or changing the state of other
               							related processes.  Government organizations have numerous capabilities and
               a multitude of partner organizations, both inside and
               							outside of their traditional communities.  There are significant benefits for
               these organizations to share information and have access
               							to each other's capabilities.  Achieving interoperability among these organizations
               requires alignment of business and technical
               							requirements and capabilities.  In addition, it is critical to have a consistent
               way of specifying these requirements and capabilities
               							and sharing them across organizational boundaries.  The GRA was developed to
               facilitate interoperability and to assist in meeting other
               							key requirements common in a complex government information sharing environment. 
               In order to achieve interoperability, a consistent
               							approach must be defined to identify, describe, and package services and their
               interactions in many different technical environments,
               							across multiple government lines of business, at all levels of government,
               and with partner organizations. </span></p>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText"> The GRA defines a service interface as “the means for interacting with a service.” 
               It includes
               							specific protocols, commands, and information exchange by which actions are
               initiated on the service.  A service interface is what a
               							system designer or implementer (programmer) uses to design or build executable
               software that interacts with the service.  That is, the
               							service interface represents the “how” of the interaction.  Since the service
               interface is the physical manifestation of the service,
               							best practices call for service interfaces which can be described in an open-standard,
               machine-referenceable format (that is, a format
               							which could be automatically processed by a computer).</span></p>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText"> A Service Specification is a formal document describing the capabilities made available
               through the
               							service; the service model that defines the semantics of the service by representing
               its behavioral model, information model, and
               							interactions; the policies that constrain the use of the service; and the service
               interfaces which provide a means to interacting with
               							the service.  A Service Specification is analogous to the software documentation
               of an Application Programming Interface $api.  It
               							provides stakeholders with an understanding of the structure of the service
               and the rules applicable to its implementation.  It gives
               							service consumers the information necessary for consuming a particular service
               and service providers the information necessary for
               							implementing the service in a consistent and interoperable way. </span></p>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText"> The main components of a Service Specification are the Service Description, one or
               more Service
               							Interface Descriptions, and the schemas and the samples used to implement and
               test the service. </span></p>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText"> A Service Description contains information about all aspects of the service which
               are not directly tied
               							to the physical implementation of the service; in other words, the service
               interface.  A Service Interface Description is a description
               							of the physical implementation; specifically, the service interface used in
               a specific implementation of the service.  Since a service
               							can leverage multiple Service Interfaces, the Service Specification might contain
               more than one Service Interface Description.</span></p><br /><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846683"><span class="FontType Heading1">2.     Physical Model</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">The Physical Model section describes the technical implementation (physical model)
               of the service implemented via the described service interface (e.g., Web Services
               definition, schema, electronic policies, and performance/quality of service metrics
               or other similar structures).  The physical model should sufficiently describe the
               set of actions implemented by the service interface and the physical endpoint(s) for
               accessing these actions.  This section will also include any relevant details of the
               Service Interaction Profile (SIP) that will govern how the service interaction requirements
               of the service will be met.  The physical model described in this document will also
               provide details regarding the message schema(s) for the information model of the service.
               <br/> <br/> Additional artifacts related to this sections content can be provided
               in the artifacts folder of the service package or the schema folder of the service
               package.  <br/> <br/>        [Service Abbreviation] SSP [Service Version]\artifacts
               <br/>           or  <br/>        [Service Abbreviation] SSP [Service Version]\schema</span></p><br /><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846692"><span class="FontType Heading1">3.     Service Interaction Requirements</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">The table below outlines the service interaction requirements and the associated standards
               that are
               							being used to support this service interface.</span></p><br /><span class="FontType Heading3">Pet Adoption Subscription Specification</span><br /><br /><table class="MsoNormalTable" style="margin-left:70pt; border-collapse:collapse;border:none">
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:125pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Requirements</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:45pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Mandatory</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:150pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Specification</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Consumer Authentication</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Consumer Authorization</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Identity and Attribute Assertion Transmission</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Authentication</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Message Nonrepudiation</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Message Integrity</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Message Confidentiality</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Message Addressing</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">WS-Addressing</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Reliability</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Transaction Support</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Metadata Availability</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Interface Description Requirements</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Responsiveness</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="FontType tDataTableCaption" colspan="3">Table 1 : Service Interaction Requirements</td>
            </tr>
         </table><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846693"><span class="FontType Heading1">4.     Service Interoperability Requirements</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">The service will comply with GRA Reliable Secure Web Services, Service Interaction
               Profile v1.2 (GRA RS WS-SIP 1.2). <br/> <br/> Additional artifacts related to the
               Service Interoperability Requirements are provided in the service interface description
               artifacts folder of the service package. <br/> <br/>    [Service Abbreviation] SSP
               [Service Version]\service interface description\[n]\artifacts</span></p><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846702"><span class="FontType Heading1">5.     Message Exchange Patterns</span></a></h1><br /><table class="MsoNormalTable" style="margin-left:70pt; border-collapse:collapse;border:none">
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:175.0pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Interface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:67.5pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Operation</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:67.5pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Pattern</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">PetSubscriptionInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">subscribe</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="FontType tDataTableCaption" colspan="3">Table 3 : Action Model</td>
            </tr>
         </table><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846703"><span class="FontType Heading1">6.     Message Definition Mechanisms</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">The service will comply with the message definition mechanisms identified in the GRA
               Reliable Secure Web Services Service Interaction Profile, Version 1.2 (GRA RS WS-SIP
               1.2). <br/> <br/> Additional artifacts related to the message definition mechanism
               is provided in the artifacts folder of the service package. <br/> <br/>    [Service
               Abbreviation] SSP [Service Version]\artifacts</span></p><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846704"><span class="FontType Heading1">7     Policy and Contracts</span></a></h1>
         <h1><a id="_Toc387846705"><span class="FontType Heading2">7.1     Automated Service Policies</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">No automated polices have been identified at this time.</span></p>
         <h1><a id="_Toc387846706"><span class="FontType Heading2">7.2     Automated Service Contracts</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">Web Services Description Language (WSDL) defines an automated service contract. No
               automated service contracts exist beyond those specified in the WSDLs.</span></p>
         <h1><a id="_Toc387846707"><span class="FontType Heading2">7.3     Non-automated Service Policies and Contracts</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">No non-automated service contracts have been identified at this time.</span></p>
         <h1><a id="_Toc387846708"><span class="FontType Heading1">8.     Umbrella Agreements</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">No umbrella agreements have been identified at this time.</span></p><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846709"><span class="FontType Heading1">9.     Security</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">No security required</span></p><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846710"><span class="FontType Heading1">10.     Privacy</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">Public access to the service shall remove PII</span></p><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846711"><span class="FontType Heading1">11.     Service Testing</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">The service validation and testing will leverage the Springboard specification to
               validate the interoperable aspects of the service interface specification in order
               to assert that a participating system conforms to the underlying specification. The
               conformance specification and the associated test cases define a series of tests designed
               to exercise each interoperability aspect of the specification at least once. The validation
               testing is not intended to address functional aspects of the systems/services nor
               is the test suite designed to verify the robustness or performance of the interface
               software.</span></p><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846712"><span class="FontType Heading1">Appendix A     References</span></a></h1>
         <table style="margin-left:70pt; ">
            <tr style="height:.5in">
               <td><span class="FontType" style="width:100px"><b>GRA</b></span></td>
               <td style="width:50px"></td>
               <td><a href="https://it.ojp.gov/gra"><span class="FontType">Global Reference Architecture (GRA) Specification, Version 1.9.1</span></a></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.5in">
               <td><span class="FontType" style="width:100px"><b>GRA SSG</b></span></td>
               <td style="width:50px"></td>
               <td><a href="https://it.ojp.gov/gist/43/The-Global-Reference-Architecture--GRA--Service-Specification-Guideline-V-1-0-0"><span class="FontType">GRA Service Specification Guideline, Version 1.0.0</span></a></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.5in">
               <td><span class="FontType" style="width:100px"><b>WS-SIP</b></span></td>
               <td style="width:50px"></td>
               <td><a href="https://it.ojp.gov/gist/56/Global-Reference-Architecture--GRA--Web-Services-Service-Interaction-Profile-Version-1-3"><span class="FontType">GRA Web Services Service Interaction Profile, Version 1.3</span></a></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.5in">
               <td><span class="FontType" style="width:100px"><b>RS WS-SIP</b></span></td>
               <td style="width:50px"></td>
               <td><a href="https://it.ojp.gov/gist/85/Global-Reference-Architecture--GRA--Reliable-Secure-Web-Services-Service-Interaction-Profile"><span class="FontType">GRA Reliable Secure Web Services Service Interaction Profile, Version 1.2</span></a></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.5in">
               <td><span class="FontType" style="width:100px"><b>WS-I BP</b></span></td>
               <td style="width:50px"></td>
               <td><a href="http://ws-i.org/profiles/basicprofile-1.2-2010-11-09.html"><span class="FontType">WS-I Basic Profile, Version 1.2, 2010-11-09</span></a></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.5in">
               <td><span class="FontType" style="width:100px"><b>WS-I BSP</b></span></td>
               <td style="width:50px"></td>
               <td><a href="http://www.ws-i.org/Profiles/BasicSecurityProfile-1.0.html"><span class="FontType">WS-I Basic Security Profile, Working Group Draft, March 30, 2007</span></a></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.5in">
               <td><span class="FontType" style="width:100px"><b>WS-I RSP</b></span></td>
               <td style="width:50px"></td>
               <td><a href="http://www.ws-i.org/Profiles/ReliableSecureProfile-1.0-2010-11-09.html"><span class="FontType">Reliable Secure Profile Version 1.0, 2010-11-09</span></a></td>
            </tr>
         </table><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h2><a id="_Toc387846713"><span class="FontType Heading1">Appendix B     Glossary</span></a></h2>
         <table class="MsoNormalTable" style="margin-left:70pt; border-collapse:collapse;">
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:55pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Acronym</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:275pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Description</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">GRA</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Global Reference Architecture</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">GRA SSG</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">GRA Service Specification Guideline</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">NIEM</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">National Information Exchange Model</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">OASIS</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">OASIS Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">RS WS SIP</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">GRA Reliable Secure Web Services Service Interaction Profile</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SOAP</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Simple Object Access Protocol</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">W3C</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">World Wide Web Consortium</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">WS</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Web Services</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">WS-SIP</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">GRA Web Services Service Interaction Profile</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">WSDL</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Web Services Description Language</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">XML</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">eXtensible Markup Language</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="FontType tDataTableCaption" colspan="2">Table 4: Acronym Descriptions</td>
            </tr>
         </table><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h2><a id="_Toc387846714"><span class="FontType Heading1">Appendix C     Document History</span></a></h2>
         <table class="MsoNormalTable" style="margin-left:70pt; ">
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:75pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Date</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:50pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Version</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:125pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Editor</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:150pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Change</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle"></span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle"></span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle"></span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle"></span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="FontType tDataTableCaption" colspan="4">Table 5: Document Revision History</td>
            </tr>
         </table>
      </div>
   </body>
</html>