<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:graa="http://ijis.org/GRA/Annotations">
   <head>
      <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /><style>
						.FontType{
						font-family:"Calibri", "sans-serif";
						line-height:115%;
						}
						.TitleMain{
						font-size:26.0pt;
						color:#1F497D;
						}
						.TitleSub{
						font-size:18.0pt;
						color:#1F497D;
						}
						.Heading1{
						font-size:18.0pt;
						margin-left:0.5in;
						}
						.Heading2{
						font-size:16.0pt;
						margin-left:0.5in;
						}
						.Heading3{
						font-size:14.0pt;
						margin-left:1.0in;
						font-weight:900;
						}
						.NormalText{
						font-size:11.0pt;
						}
						.Bullet{
						margin-left:0.25in;
						}
						.TableOfContents{
						font-size:12.0pt;
						font-weight:900;
						margin-left:0.75in;
						}
						.CoverPageLeft{
						margin-left:1.8in;
						text-align:left;
						}
						.CoverPageRight{
						margin-right:.05in;
						margin-left:11.15pt;
						text-align:left;
						}
						.tDataTable{
						border-top:solid #5B9BD5 1.0pt;
						padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
						}
						.tDataTableHeader{
						border-bottom:solid #5B9BD5 1.0pt;
						}
						.tDataTableRowAlt{
						background:#DEEAF6;
						}
						.tDataTableText{
						color:#2E74B5;
						}
						.tDataTableTextTitle{
						color:#2E74B5;
						font-weight:900;
						}
						.MsoNormal{
						width:7.0in;
						margin-top:6.0pt;
						margin-left:0.25in;
						margin-bottom:6.0pt;
						text-align:center;
						}
						.MsoNormalTable{
						margin-left:auto;
						margin-right:auto;
						border-collapse:collapse;
						}
						.MsoNormalTableColLeft{
						width:220pt;
						border-right:solid #0051BA 3.0pt;
						padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt
						}
						.MsoNormalTableColRight{
						width:220pt;
						padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt
						}
						.MsoNormalText{
						width:6.0in;
						margin-left:1.0in;
						text-align:justify;
						}
						.tDataTableCaption{
						padding:0.25in 0in 0in 0in;
						font-weight:900;
						text-align:center;
						}
		</style></head>
   <body lang="EN-US">
      <div class="CoverPageSection" style="float:none;overflow:visible;">
         <p class="MsoNormal"><b><span class="FontType TitleMain"><br /><br />Corrections SSP</span></b></p><br /><p class="MsoNormal"><b><span class="FontType TitleMain">(CRI)</span></b></p><br /><p class="MsoNormal"><b><span class="FontType TitleSub">Version 1.0.0</span></b></p>
         <p class="MsoNormal"><b><span class="FontType TitleMain"><br /><br /><br />GRA</span></b></p><br /><p class="MsoNormal"><b><span class="FontType TitleMain">Service<br /><br />Description Document</span></b></p><br /><br /><p class="MsoNormal"><b><span class="FontType TitleMain"><br /><br /><br /></span></b></p><br /><div class="MsoNormal">
            <table class="MsoNormalTable">
               <tr>
                  <td class="MsoNormalTableColLeft">
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageLeft">Delivery On:</p>
                  </td>
                  <td class="MsoNormalTableColRight">
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageRight"><b>2014-01-01</b></p>
                  </td>
               </tr>
               <tr>
                  <td class="MsoNormalTableColLeft">
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageLeft">Prepared For:</p>
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageLeft">Prepared By:</p>
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageLeft">Sponsored By:</p>
                  </td>
                  <td class="MsoNormalTableColRight">
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageRight"><b>Office of Justice Programs</b></p>
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageRight"><b>Office of Justice Programs</b></p>
                     <p class="FontType CoverPageRight"><b>BJA and ISE</b></p>
                  </td>
               </tr>
            </table>
         </div>
      </div><br /><br style="page-break-after:always" /><div class="ContentSection">
         <h1><span class="FontType Heading1">Table of Contents</span></h1>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846682"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">1.      Introduction</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846683"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">2.      Service Overview</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846684"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">2.1     Purpose</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846685"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">2.2     Scope</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846686"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">2.3     Capabilities</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846687"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">2.4     Real-World Effects</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846688"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">2.5     Summary</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846689"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">2.6     Description</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846690"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">2.7     Security Classification</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846691"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">2.8     Service Specification Package Version</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846692"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">3.      Business Scenarios</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846693"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">4.      Service Interoperability Requirements</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846694"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">4.1     Service Interaction Requirements</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846695"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">4.2     Service Assumptions</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846696"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">4.3     Service Dependencies</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846697"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">4.4     Execution Context</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846698"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">4.5     Policies and Contracts</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846699"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">4.6     Security</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846700"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">4.7     Privacy</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846701"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">4.8     Other Requirements</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846702"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">5.      Additional Information</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846703"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">6.      Service Model</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846704"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">6.1     Information Model</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846705"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">6.1.1     IEPD Reference</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846706"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">6.1.2     Data Inputs</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846707"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">6.1.3     Data Outputs</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846708"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">6.1.4     Data Provenance</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846709"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">6.2      Behavior Model</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846710"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">6.2.1     Action Model</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846711"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">6.2.2     Process Model</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846712"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">Appendix A     References</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846713"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">Appendix B     Glossary</span></a></p>
         <p><a href="#_Toc387846714"><span class="FontType TableOfContents">Appendix C     Document History</span></a></p><br /><br /><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846682"><span class="FontType FontType Heading1">1.     Introduction</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText"> This Service Description Document describes information about all aspects of the
               Corrections SSP (CRI)
               							service which are not directly tied to the physical implementation.</span></p>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">In the context of the GRA and Service-Oriented Architecture $soa in general, a service
               is the means by
               							which one partner gains access to one or more capabilities offered by another
               partner.  Capabilities generate real-world effects that
               							can be as simple as sharing information or can involve performing a function
               as part of a complex process or changing the state of other
               							related processes.  Government organizations have numerous capabilities and
               a multitude of partner organizations, both inside and
               							outside of their traditional communities.  There are significant benefits for
               these organizations to share information and have access
               							to each other's capabilities.  Achieving interoperability among these organizations
               requires alignment of business and technical
               							requirements and capabilities.  In addition, it is critical to have a consistent
               way of specifying these requirements and capabilities
               							and sharing them across organizational boundaries.  The GRA was developed to
               facilitate interoperability and to assist in meeting other
               							key requirements common in a complex government information sharing environment. 
               In order to achieve interoperability, a consistent
               							approach must be defined to identify, describe, and package services and their
               interactions in many different technical environments,
               							across multiple government lines of business, at all levels of government,
               and with partner organizations.</span></p>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText"> The GRA defines a service interface as “the means for interacting with a service.” 
               It includes
               							specific protocols, commands, and information exchange by which actions are
               initiated on the service.  A service interface is what a
               							system designer or implementer (programmer) uses to design or build executable
               software that interacts with the service.  That is, the
               							service interface represents the “how” of the interaction.  Since the service
               interface is the physical manifestation of the service,
               							best practices call for service interfaces which can be described in an open-standard,
               machine-referenceable format (that is, a format
               							which could be automatically processed by a computer).</span></p>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText"> A Service Specification is a formal document describing the capabilities made available
               through the
               							service; the service model that defines the semantics of the service by representing
               its behavioral model, information model, and
               							interactions; the policies that constrain the use of the service; and the service
               interfaces which provide a means to interacting with
               							the service.  A Service Specification is analogous to the software documentation
               of an Application Programming Interface $api.  It
               							provides stakeholders with an understanding of the structure of the service
               and the rules applicable to its implementation.  It gives
               							service consumers the information necessary for consuming a particular service
               and service providers the information necessary for
               							implementing the service in a consistent and interoperable way. </span></p>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText"> The main components of a Service Specification are the Service Description, one or
               more Service
               							Interface Descriptions, and the schemas and the samples used to implement and
               test the service. </span></p>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText"> A Service Description contains information about all aspects of the service which
               are not directly tied
               							to the physical implementation of the service; in other words, the service
               interface.  A Service Interface Description is a description
               							of the physical implementation; specifically, the service interface used in
               a specific implementation of the service.  Since a service
               							can leverage multiple Service Interfaces, the Service Specification might contain
               more than one Service Interface Description.</span></p><br /><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846683"><span class="FontType Heading1">2.     Service Overview</span></a></h1>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846684"><span class="FontType Heading2">2.1     Purpose</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">This service takes a holistic look at the information sharing requirement and needs
               for release and re-entry from the perspective of corrections, other justice partners
               and community based service providers.  The release and re-entry processes vary according
               to the respective business operations, processes and policies observed by the participating
               stakeholders including corrections, law enforcement, courts and community service
               providers.</span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846685"><span class="FontType Heading2">2.2     Scope</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">The IJIS Institute invited key practitioners from corrections, law enforcement, courts
               and national leaders in corrections and re-entry community of interest to help articulate
               the requirements for information sharing.  This group helped develop an overall Corrections
               Process Narrative (available as a separate document), and identified a number of exchanges
               that are critical for effective information sharing leading to an effective re-entry
               experience for an individual.  These exchanges were then further refined/prioritized
               to identify the top 10 exchanges that needed to be addressed as a group.  These exchanges
               are detailed in the Corrections SDD document</span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846686"><span class="FontType Heading2">2.3     Capabilities</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText"></span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846687"><span class="FontType Heading2">2.4     Real-World Effects</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">
               <li class="Bullet">Service for Risk Assessment information so that the community based service providers
                  better understand the risks associated with an individual.
               </li>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Provider: </b>Corrections Case File Provider
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Consumer: </b>Corrections Community Actor a kind of Interested Party
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div><br /><li class="Bullet">Service to obtain Criminal History information.</li>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Provider: </b>Corrections Case File Provider
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Consumer: </b>Corrections Community Actor a kind of Interested Party
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div><br /><li class="Bullet">Service for Share Notifications about the individual with a broad array of stakeholders
                  based as the individual proceeds through the corrections process.
               </li>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Provider: </b>Corrections Case File Provider
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Consumer: </b>Corrections Community Actor a kind of Interested Party
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div><br /><li class="Bullet">Service for Housing Information so that the individual is housed appropriately based
                  on their specific housing needs and risk profiles
               </li>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Provider: </b>Corrections Case File Provider
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Consumer: </b>Housing Provider a kind of Service Provider
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div><br /><li class="Bullet">Service for Medicaid Entitlements so that the individual has appropriate coverage,
                  and help minimize costs for the correctional facilities.
               </li>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Provider: </b>Corrections Case File Provider
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Consumer: </b>Health Care Provider a kind of Service Provider a kind of Interested Party
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div><br /><li class="Bullet">Service for Treatment Status to be shared between the community based service providers
                  and the supervisory authorities.
               </li>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Provider: </b>Supervision Authority a kind of Corrections Community Actor
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Consumer: </b>Service Provider a kind of Corrections Community Actor a kind of Interested Party
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div><br /><li class="Bullet">Service for Inquiries about an individual to obtain demographic, release and risk
                  information.
               </li>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Provider: </b>Corrections Case File Provider
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Consumer: </b>Corrections Community Actor a kind of Interested Party
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div><br /><li class="Bullet">Service for Treatment Information about the individual with community based providers
                  so they are able to provide adequate treatment while the individual is released.
               </li>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Provider: </b>Corrections Case File Provider
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Consumer: </b>Corrections Community Actor a kind of Interested Party
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div><br /><li class="Bullet">Service for accessing information about a corrections subject with respect to release.</li>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Provider: </b>Corrections Case File Provider
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div>
               <div style="margin-left:5em;"><b>Consumer: </b>Corrections Community Actor a kind of Interested Party
               </div>
               <div style="margin-left:7em;"></div><br /></span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846688"><span class="FontType Heading2">2.5     Summary</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">The service provides access to and updates for a correction's subject case file for
               the purposes of supporting reentry</span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846689"><span class="FontType Heading2">2.6     Description</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">Law Enforcement, Public Safety, Prosecution, Corrections, Probation, Parole,USMS</span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846690"><span class="FontType Heading2">2.7     Security Classification</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">SBU</span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846691"><span class="FontType Heading2">2.8     Service Specification Package Version</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">This service specification is built based on version1.3 of the GRA Service Speciatication Package (SSP)</span></p><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846692"><span class="FontType Heading1">3.     Business Scenarios</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">The Business Scenarios section is intended to provide additional high-level, details
               about the service, which may be supported by industry standard modeling notation where
               appropriate.  Again, care should be taken to be as clear and precise as possible and
               to define real scenarios that would be relevant to a significant number of organizations.
               This section presents the conceptual model for the actions supported by the service.
               Refer to Section 6: Service Model for additional information.</span></p><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846693"><span class="FontType Heading1">4.     Service Interoperability Requirements</span></a></h1>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846694"><span class="FontType Heading2">4.1     Service Interaction Requirements</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">The table below outlines the service interaction requirements and the associated standards
               that are
               							being used to support this service interface.</span></p><br /><span class="FontType Heading3">Corrections Subscriber WS SIP</span><br /><br /><table class="MsoNormalTable" style="margin-left:70pt; border-collapse:collapse;border:none">
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:125pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Requirements</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:45pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Mandatory</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:150pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Specification</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Consumer Authentication</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Static IP Address</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Consumer Authorization</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Identity and Attribute Assertion Transmission</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Authentication</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SSL Certificate Authentication</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Message Nonrepudiation</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">W3C XML Signature</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Message Integrity</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">W3C XML Signature</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Message Confidentiality</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">OASIS Security Profile 1.1</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Message Addressing</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">WS-Addressing</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Reliability</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Implicitly provide by response</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Transaction Support</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Metadata Availability</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">WS-Metadataexchange</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Interface Description Requirements</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">WSDL 1.1</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Responsiveness</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">To be determined.</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="FontType tDataTableCaption" colspan="3">Table 1 : Service Interaction Requirements</td>
            </tr>
         </table><br /><span class="FontType Heading3">Corrections Case File Provider RS WS-SIP</span><br /><br /><table class="MsoNormalTable" style="margin-left:70pt; border-collapse:collapse;border:none">
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:125pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Requirements</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:45pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Mandatory</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:150pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Specification</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Consumer Authentication</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Static IP Address</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Consumer Authorization</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Identity and Attribute Assertion Transmission</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Authentication</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SSL Certificate Authentication</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Message Nonrepudiation</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Message Integrity</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">W3C XML Signature</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Message Confidentiality</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">OASIS Security Profile 1.1</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Message Addressing</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">WS-Addressing</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Reliability</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Implicitly provide by response</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Transaction Support</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"> false </span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">N/A</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Metadata Availability</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">WS-Metadataexchange</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Interface Description Requirements</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">WSDL 1.1</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Service Responsiveness</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">true</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">To be determined.</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="FontType tDataTableCaption" colspan="3">Table 2 : Service Interaction Requirements</td>
            </tr>
         </table>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846695"><span class="FontType Heading2">4.2     Service Assumptions</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">All messages exchanged will require a synchronous acknowledgment of receipt or return
               data.        The acknowledgment of receipt will contain only metadata about the message.
               The metadata will consist of a timestamp and identifiers that uniquely identify the
               message. </span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846696"><span class="FontType Heading2">4.3     Service Dependencies</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">N/A</span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846697"><span class="FontType Heading2">4.4     Execution Context</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">Service descriptions should include all information pertinent to the production or
               consumption of the service, including expected infrastructure functions and other
               dependencies.  No information directly pertaining to implementation platform or technology
               should be included in the service description.</span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846698"><span class="FontType Heading2">4.5     Policies and Contracts</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">Service policies and contracts express rules that govern the interaction between a
               service consumer and a service.  A policy is an assertion by either a consumer or
               a service provider of that participant’s requirements for willingness to interact.
               Policies state conditions, obligations, and constraints.  A contract is an agreement
               by the parties involved. Consumers of this service will be acting on behalf of a user.
               Each user must be an authorized user and the message sent to this service from the
               consumer must provide information so the service can determine whether the user is
               an authorized user.  Participating entities will use memoranda of understanding (MOUs),
               nondisclosure agreements (NDAs), service-level agreements (SLAs), or other types of
               agency agreements as appropriate to document applicable policy requirements.  Global
               has developed GRA “Information Sharing Enterprise Service-Level Agreement” and “Information
               Sharing Enterprise Statement of Participation, Version 1.1” policy document templates
               that are available for developing policies.</span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846699"><span class="FontType Heading2">4.6     Security</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText"><html>
               <head>
               		<style>
               			p {padding:0px; margin:0px;}
               		</style>
               	</head>
               <body>
               <p>
               The service implementation must follow the Service Interface Description Document
               (SIDD) to meet the Security Requirements. 
               </p>
               
               <p>
               The service must adhere to the rules of the CJIS Security Policies regarding the Advanced
               Encryption Standard (AES) level of encryption. 
               </p>
               
               <p>
               Security Requirements: 
               </p>
               
               <ul>
               <li>
               Message Nonrepudiation 
               </li>
               <li>
               Message Integrity Message Confidentiality Note: The use of Virtual Private Networks
               (VPNs) or Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) for transport-level security in addition to these
               requirements is optional.
               </li>
               </ul>
               </body>
               </html>
               </span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846700"><span class="FontType Heading2">4.7     Privacy</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText"> Privacy requirements are currently under review regarding specific information model
               elements and/or groups of elements. </span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846701"><span class="FontType Heading2">4.8     Other Requirements</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">N/A</span></p><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846702"><span class="FontType Heading1">5.     Additional Information</span></a></h1>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">N/A</span></p><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h1><a id="_Toc387846703"><span class="FontType Heading1">6.     Service Model</span></a></h1>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846704"><span class="FontType Heading2">6.1     Information Model</span></a></h2>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846705"><span class="FontType Heading3">6.1.1     IEPD Reference</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">This uses the Information Exchange Package Documentation (IEPD) for all messages exchanged
               by the
               							service. The IEPD is included in its entirety in the artifacts/service model/information
               model folder of the Service Specification
               							Package.</span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846706"><span class="FontType Heading3">6.1.2     Data Inputs</span></a></h2>
         <table class="MsoNormalTable" style="margin-left:70pt; border-collapse:collapse;border:none">
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:175.0pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Interface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:67.5pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Operation</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:157.5pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Input</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">NotificationInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Notify</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubjectInformationMessageType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">SubjectInformationMessageType Description: A data type for a message about one or more subjects</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">NotificationInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Notify</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">ExchangeAgreementReferenceMetadataType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">ExchangeAgreementReferenceMetadataType Description: A data type for metadata about messages and their supporting the exchange agreement</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectQueryInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">EntityQuery</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">EntityQueryMessageType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">EntityQueryMessageType Description: A data type for a message to get information about any entity in a data resource</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectQueryInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">EntityQuery</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">ExchangeAgreementReferenceMetadataType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">ExchangeAgreementReferenceMetadataType Description: A data type for metadata about messages and their supporting the exchange agreement</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectQueryInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubjectQuery</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubjectQueryMessageType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">SubjectQueryMessageType Description: A data type for a query about an individual</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectQueryInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubjectQuery</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">ExchangeAgreementReferenceMetadataType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">ExchangeAgreementReferenceMetadataType Description: A data type for metadata about messages and their supporting the exchange agreement</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectUpdateInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubjectUpdate</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubjectInformationMessageType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">SubjectInformationMessageType Description: A data type for a message about one or more subjects</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectUpdateInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubjectUpdate</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">ExchangeAgreementReferenceMetadataType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">ExchangeAgreementReferenceMetadataType Description: A data type for metadata about messages and their supporting the exchange agreement</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectSubscriptionInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubscribeToSubject</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubscriptionMessageType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">SubscriptionMessageType Description: A data type for a message to establish a subscription.</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectSubscriptionInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubscribeToSubject</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">ExchangeAgreementReferenceMetadataType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">ExchangeAgreementReferenceMetadataType Description: A data type for metadata about messages and their supporting the exchange agreement</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectSubscriptionInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">CancelSubscription</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubscriptionIDTextType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">SubscriptionIDTextType Description: An identity for a subscription</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectSubscriptionInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">CancelSubscription</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">ExchangeAgreementReferenceMetadataType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">ExchangeAgreementReferenceMetadataType Description: A data type for metadata about messages and their supporting the exchange agreement</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="FontType tDataTableCaption" colspan="3">Table 3 : Data Inputs</td>
            </tr>
         </table>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846707"><span class="FontType Heading3">6.1.3     Data Outputs</span></a></h2>
         <table class="MsoNormalTable" style="margin-left:70pt; border-collapse:collapse;border:none">
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:175.0pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Interface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:67.5pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Operation</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:157.5pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Output</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">MetadataInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">GetMetadata</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">RepositoryMetadataMessageType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">RepositoryMetadataMessageType Description: A data type for a repository containing  category and exchange agreement metadata.
                     The IDs of the elements in this metadata are referenced from messages</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectQueryInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">EntityQuery</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubjectInformationMessageType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">SubjectInformationMessageType Description: A data type for a message about one or more subjects</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectQueryInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubjectQuery</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubjectInformationMessageType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">SubjectInformationMessageType Description: A data type for a message about one or more subjects</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectUpdateInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubjectUpdate</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">OperationResultType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">OperationResultType Description: A data type for the result of an operation</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectSubscriptionInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubscribeToSubject</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubjectInformationMessageType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">SubjectInformationMessageType Description: A data type for a message about one or more subjects</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectSubscriptionInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">CancelSubscription</span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubscriptionMessageType</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="3" width="200"><span class="FontType tDataTableText" width="200">SubscriptionMessageType Description: A data type for a message to establish a subscription.</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="FontType tDataTableCaption" colspan="3">Table 4 : Data Outputs</td>
            </tr>
         </table>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846708"><span class="FontType Heading3">6.1.4     Data Provenance</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">Provenance is defined as the agency, office, or person of origin of records, i.e.,
               the entity that created, received, or accumulated and used the records in the conduct
               of their business activities.  All applicable provenance information or restrictions
               are provided below.  Also, additional artifacts related to this sections content can
               be provided in the service model folders of the service package. [Service Abbreviation]
               SSP [Service Version]\artifacts\service model\information model</span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846709"><span class="FontType Heading2">6.2      Behavior Model</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">The behavior model, which consists of two components—action model and process model,
               describes the
               							behavior of the service.</span></p>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846710"><span class="FontType Heading3">6.2.1     Action Model</span></a></h2>
         <table class="MsoNormalTable" width="575" style="margin-left:70pt; border-collapse:collapse;border:none">
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:175.0pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Interface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:67.5pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Operation</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">NotificationInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Notify</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">MetadataInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">GetMetadata</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectQueryInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">EntityQuery</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="2"><span class="FontType tDataTableText"><b>Description: </b>An operation to get all or part of information about an entity related to a subject
                     case file. This is used to get more information about a related entity.</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectQueryInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubjectQuery</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt" colspan="2"><span class="FontType tDataTableText"><b>Description: </b>An operation to get all or part of a subjects case file</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectUpdateInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubjectUpdate</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectSubscriptionInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">SubscribeToSubject</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SubjectSubscriptionInterface</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">CancelSubscription</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="FontType tDataTableCaption" colspan="3">Table 5 : Action Model</td>
            </tr>
         </table>
         <h2><a id="_Toc387846711"><span class="FontType Heading3">6.2.2     Process Model</span></a></h2>
         <p class="MsoNormalText"><span class="FontType NormalText">Process models define how consumers may invoke the services actions together or in
               a sequence to accomplish some larger business process.  The section should not describe
               the process of interaction among multiple services within a business process.  All
               processing model profile artifacts used to describe the service should be made available
               in the behavior model folder of the respective service package folder. <br/> <br/>
               Additional artifacts related to this sections content can be provided in the service
               model folders of the service package. <br/> <br/>  <li> [Service Abbreviation] SSP
               [Service Version]\artifacts\service model\behavior model </li> <br/>  If such artifacts
               are provided,  they should be referenced in this section. A description of the artifact
               and a link to it should be provided as part of the reference.</span></p><br style="page-break-after:always" /><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h2><a id="_Toc387846712"><span class="FontType Heading1">Appendix A     References</span></a></h2>
         <table style="margin-left:70pt; ">
            <tr style="height:.5in">
               <td><span class="FontType" style="width:100px"><b>GRA</b></span></td>
               <td style="width:50px"></td>
               <td><a href="https://it.ojp.gov/gra"><span class="FontType">Global Reference Architecture (GRA) Specification, Version 1.9.1</span></a></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.5in">
               <td><span class="FontType" style="width:100px"><b>GRA SSG</b></span></td>
               <td style="width:50px"></td>
               <td><a href="https://it.ojp.gov/gist/43/The-Global-Reference-Architecture--GRA--Service-Specification-Guideline-V-1-0-0"><span class="FontType">GRA Service Specification Guideline, Version 1.0.0</span></a></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.5in">
               <td><span class="FontType" style="width:100px"><b>WS-SIP</b></span></td>
               <td style="width:50px"></td>
               <td><a href="https://it.ojp.gov/gist/56/Global-Reference-Architecture--GRA--Web-Services-Service-Interaction-Profile-Version-1-3"><span class="FontType">GRA Web Services Service Interaction Profile, Version 1.3</span></a></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.5in">
               <td><span class="FontType" style="width:100px"><b>RS WS-SIP</b></span></td>
               <td style="width:50px"></td>
               <td><a href="https://it.ojp.gov/gist/85/Global-Reference-Architecture--GRA--Reliable-Secure-Web-Services-Service-Interaction-Profile"><span class="FontType">GRA Reliable Secure Web Services Service Interaction Profile, Version 1.2</span></a></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.5in">
               <td><span class="FontType" style="width:100px"><b>WS-I BP</b></span></td>
               <td style="width:50px"></td>
               <td><a href="http://ws-i.org/profiles/basicprofile-1.2-2010-11-09.html"><span class="FontType">WS-I Basic Profile, Version 1.2, 2010-11-09</span></a></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.5in">
               <td><span class="FontType" style="width:100px"><b>WS-I BSP</b></span></td>
               <td style="width:50px"></td>
               <td><a href="http://www.ws-i.org/Profiles/BasicSecurityProfile-1.0.html"><span class="FontType">WS-I Basic Security Profile, Working Group Draft, March 30, 2007</span></a></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.5in">
               <td><span class="FontType" style="width:100px"><b>WS-I RSP</b></span></td>
               <td style="width:50px"></td>
               <td><a href="http://www.ws-i.org/Profiles/ReliableSecureProfile-1.0-2010-11-09.html"><span class="FontType">Reliable Secure Profile Version 1.0, 2010-11-09</span></a></td>
            </tr>
         </table><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h2><a id="_Toc387846713"><span class="FontType Heading1">Appendix B     Glossary</span></a></h2>
         <table class="MsoNormalTable" style="margin-left:70pt; border-collapse:collapse;">
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:55pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Acronym</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:275pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Description</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">GRA</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Global Reference Architecture</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">GRA SSG</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">GRA Service Specification Guideline</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">NIEM</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">National Information Exchange Model</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">OASIS</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">OASIS Organization for the Advancement of Structured Information Standards</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">RS WS SIP</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">GRA Reliable Secure Web Services Service Interaction Profile</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">SOAP</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Simple Object Access Protocol</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">W3C</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">World Wide Web Consortium</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">WS</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Web Services</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">WS-SIP</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">GRA Web Services Service Interaction Profile</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">WSDL</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">Web Services Description Language</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">XML</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText">eXtensible Markup Language</span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="FontType tDataTableCaption" colspan="2">Table 6: Acronym Descriptions</td>
            </tr>
         </table><br style="page-break-before:always" /><h2><a id="_Toc387846714"><span class="FontType Heading1">Appendix C     Document History</span></a></h2>
         <table class="MsoNormalTable" style="margin-left:70pt; ">
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:75pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Date</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:50pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Version</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:125pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Editor</span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableHeader" style="width:150pt;"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle">Change</span></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle"></span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle"></span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTable"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle"></span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTable"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><span class="FontType tDataTableTextTitle"></span></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
               <td class="tDataTable tDataTableRowAlt"><i><span class="FontType tDataTableText"></span></i></td>
            </tr>
            <tr style="height:.3in">
               <td class="FontType tDataTableCaption" colspan="4">Table 7: Document Revision History</td>
            </tr>
         </table>
      </div>
   </body>
</html>